"The Machine develops – but not on our lives. The Machine proceeds – but not to our goal. We only exist as the blood corpuscles that course through its arteries, and if it could work without us, it would let us die.” - E.M. Forster
In today's society, humans heavily relied on the The "machine" aka technology.
The computer/laptop is one of the most impactful machine that we use in our everyday lives.
The computer serves many different purposes in all aspects of life from work, social, and personal.
The smartphone has revolutionize our lives allowing us to communicate and interact with others at the touch of our fingertip. But it has also made people very addicted and lose sight of reality.
The rise of social media like Instagram created a new photo-sharing application, but it has also developed issues like social media addiction, and self-image issues in young girls and boys.
Another popular social media app is Twitter.
The television has changed the way we enjoy entertainment all from the comfort of our homes. Streaming services have become extremely popular.
The television has also seen the popularity of videos games and various gaming systems. Video game addiction is heavily found in todays' youths.
With machines dominating every aspect of human lives, it raises the question of whether we are losing connection with life and nature?